My parents both work at a hospital that treats Covid patients, and my entire family has taken it seriously ever since we first hard of the outbreak back in 2020.<br><br>We made sure that we got all our vaccinations and booster shots in the event that we do get infected by the virus. My parents, being over 60 years old, got sick after taking the vaccines, but the symptoms were mild and it took perhaps one sick day before recovering and getting back to work. My siblings and I, each of us around 20 years of age and no major physical ailments at the time, had little to no adverse side effects from the vaccine.<br><br>A few months ago, my dad tested positive for Covid-19, so he immediately self-quarantined in the basement of the house, where he can be relatively isolated from the rest of the family. My siblings were out of the house at the time to attend college, so it’s just me and my parents in the house at the time.<br><br>Despite our best efforts to minimize contact with my dad when we delivered food and other necessities to him, my mom and I ended up testing positive for Covid a few days after he did. I’m not sure how sick my parents got, but one day I ended up with a fever and a severe headache. For that one painful day, which if recall correctly was on a Sunday, I was essentially bedridden, sleeping through most of daytime since I didn’t have the energy or even the thought to do anything else.<br><br>Fortunately, that one day was the worst of it. At the advice of my mother, whose word I can trust since she’s a RN (meaning Registered Nurse), each of us self-quarantined and isolated ourselves from each other for about a week. Luckily by the time my mom and I were showing symptoms, my dad had fully recovered and so he was the one delivering the food to us. About midway though my week of self-quarantine following the day when my symptoms were at their worst, I tested negative for Covid. I returned to school the following week, and aside from having to wear a regular mask and a lighthearted joke from a friend in reaction to that, everything went back to normal.<br><br>As someone who recovered from Covid-19, a lot of the content in this video and the vaccine video really resonated with me, and I can easily relate to not being able to do anything while feeling sick. I’m thankful that the worst I got was just one day of relatively minor symptoms, and that my parents and I recovered with little to no lasting damage. I’ve heard about Covid patients who had what Kurzgesagt often describes as “a really bad time,” some needing to be hospitalized with severe, possibly even life-threatening symptoms. Hopefully the Covid-19 pandemic, along with all variants of the virus, will truly become a thing in the past, yet still taken as a vital lesson on how to properly handle infectious disease outbreaks in the future. Keep up the good work, Kurzgesagt!